Update README.md and add warnings on DuckDB (#7)
astronomer/templates: dbt-on-astro/README.md

# Project Overview

Apache Airflow is one of the most widely-used engines for orchestrating Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) jobs, especially for transformations using [dbt](https://www.getdbt.com). dbt is a framework to create reliable transformations to produce high-quality data for businesses, usually in analytical databases like Snowflake and BigQuery.

This project showcases using dbt and Airflow together with [Cosmos](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-cosmos), allowing users to deploy dbt in production with Airflow best-practices.

# Learning Paths

To learn more about data engineering with Apache Airflow, dbt, and Cosmos, make a few changes to this project! For example, try one of the following:

> 1. Use Postgres, MySQL, Snowflake, or another production-ready database instead of DuckDB

Reviewer: Might be good to say "instead of local DuckDB" and include Motherduck: https://motherduck.com/ who have the commercial cloud DuckDB offering, since I assume that move would be easiest for users :)

Author: applied!

2. Change the Cosmos DbtDag to Cosmos DbtTaskGroups! For extra help, check out the [Cosmos examples of DbtTaskGroups](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-cosmos/blob/main/dev/dags/basic_cosmos_task_group.py)

# Project Contents

Your Astro project contains the following files and folders:

> - dags: This folder contains the Python files for your Airflow DAGs. This directory includes one example DAG:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dags: This folder contains the Python files for your Airflow DAGs. This project includes one example DAG:
```

  - `dbt_cosmos_dag.py`: This DAG sets up [Cosmos](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-cosmos), allowing files in the /dbt directory to transform into Airflow tasks and taskgroups.
- dbt/jaffle_shop: This folder contains the dbt project [jaffle_shop](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle_shop_duckdb), a fictional ecommerce store. Use this as a starting point to learn how dbt and Airflow work together!
- Dockerfile: This file contains a versioned Astro Runtime Docker image that provides a differentiated Airflow experience. If you want to execute other commands or overrides at runtime, specify them here.

> - include: This folder contains any additional files that you want to include as part of your project. It is empty by default.

Reviewer: In the dbt project there is one file here with the constants, might be worth a mention to prevent confusion :)

Author: mentioned!

- packages.txt: Install OS-level packages needed for your project by adding them to this file. It is empty by default.

> - requirements.txt: Install Python packages needed for your project by adding them to this file. It is empty by default.

Reviewer: This has the cosmos package pinned in the example.

Author: noted

> - plugins: Add custom or community plugins for your project to this file. It is empty by default.

Reviewer: Plugins is not int he example because GH ignored empty directories 😅 so if the process is direct cloning I would remove this line or say something like "This folder is omitted in this example project but you can create it and add your plugins to be added."

> - airflow_settings.yaml: Use this local-only file to specify Airflow Connections, Variables, and Pools instead of entering them in the Airflow UI as you develop DAGs in this project.

Reviewer: This would also not be in the project if it is a regular clone because it is gitignored, apologies if the process is different 😅

# Deploying to Production

### ❗Warning❗

> This template used DuckDB, an in-memory database, for running dbt transformations. While this is great to learn Airflow, your data is not guaranteed to persist between executions! For production applications, use a _persistent database_ like Postgres, MySQL, Snowflake, or others instead.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template uses in-memory DuckDB for running dbt transformations. While this is great to learn Airflow, your data is not guaranteed to persist between executions! For production applications, use a _persistent database_ like Postgres, MySQL, Snowflake, or others instead.  
```

Same here with adding Motherduck as an option.
